Team reflection week 3: Group Tatooine
Customer Value and Scope
The goal of the project is to create a map which has multiple points where air quality is shown.
In order to achieve this the group has to become better at creating a webpage as well as become better at working together as a team using scrum.
We believe these two to also be goals of the project and will be the things that are most important moving forward in our careers.

Application of Scrum
This week we put a lot of effort into applying scrum to our project by holding an extra meeting and dividing the project into larger aspects and from that dividing the team into smaller groups.
Leonard is designated scrum master. We then defined sprints for each larger task according to the INVEST criteria.
To organize this we chose to use Trello to get a better overview of sprints and progress.
Trello is new for us, so everyone sat with it and worked out the basics together.

We have also started to structure the project to make it easier to work within the groups by creating branches in the git repo.

Social Contract and Effort
Our social contract helped us get to work with a good structure, since we did start dividing into groups and getting work done.
Everyone has come to meetings on time, only broken when some group members got sick.
So far we feel like the social contract is relevant as it is right now and there is no need to change it.
 In week 2 we updated it to the current version.

Together we estimate that we’ve put about 50 hours together this week. Most of the time went to meetings and planning.
Everyone has done their part. In retrospect we noticed the difficulty of estimating the time required for each story.
Some user stories went a lot faster than expected and others took more time, so that’s an area we could improve in.

Design decisions and product structure
We decided to use OpenLayer as the API for the map-part of the project because it has the function of adding markers with information to the map.
Since we want to add the air quality to these markers, it seemed to be a good choice when choosing the API for the map.
