Individual reflection – Leonard Bagiu

General:
In the past, we’ve done projects but without a larger sense of structure. By using Scrum, the way of working throughout the project should make the structure a lot clearer than it has been in the past. I believe my contribution for this team could be working towards a clearer work structure and project management. 
As of such, I’d like for the group to work efficiently during sprints, but also adhering to a clear project structure with good communication during sprints. Furthermore, by adding team reflections between sprints I wish for the group to continuously improve the project structure and work ethic.

Week one:
By attending the workshop where four groups worked together during sprints to construct a city of lego, our team got a clearer idea of how to work with scrum. This was a valuable lesson, as no one within the team had any previous experience with working in a scrum structure. Furthermore, the group elected me as the scrum master, which posed the challenge of communicating with POs and other teams to evaluate how we could adapt our work towards a common goal. Hence, I believe this exercise gave much for the team for the rest of the course.

Week two:

We decided that the project would be easiest to work with in Javascript, Node more specifically.
One of our team members, Emil, has some experience working with Node in the past and is able to teach the rest of the team
how to work with it in a good way. I took initiative for the team to use Trello to be able to track other team members' progress.

Furthermore, we designed the first sprint, and where we would like to be after this sprint.

Learning goals:

I would like to learn how to work in Node.
I would like a good team structure, using frameworks such as Trello to achieve this.

Week three:

This week we had a meeting evaluating the strengths of every team member, also splitting into smaller teams for working more efficiently in sprints.
We also realized that none of us had experience with working with branching in git, which was delegated to me for structuring the project.
We split the project into a frontend part, a part for understanding the the air-quality API and the third for understanding the map-API.
I was placed in the frontend part, which I have some experience working with.
Furthermore, I took personal responsibility for teaching merging throughout the project.

Thus:
I want to improve my skills in git, project management and branching specifically.
I want to teach my team members how to work efficiently in HTML/CSS.
I want my team members to follow along with my personal improvements in Git, being able to track branches
and create their own working directories efficiently.


Week 4:

During week 4 we had decided to have two separate meetings, which we discovered wasn't optimal. Many of the team members focused more
on chatting than the actual meeting, both due to lack of meeting structure and lack of objectives. We decided during the first of these
that one meeting every week would be optimal, not to split sprint review/retrospective and sprint planning into separate sessions.
Furthermore, it was noted that some team members felt offended by having to pull a larger workload during this week due to the lack of structure.
I took to improving the meeting structure for week 5 as a main objective.

We also noted that we hadn't involved our stakeholder enough, which was also put in focus. Furthermore, we started developing a
minimal value product.

In my group, we worked on establishing routes within the webpage, which proved difficult as we had booted the project through the OpenLayers
map API, which is based on the framework Vite. My group went as far as creating a brand new project to figure out the routing system within Vite,
which will be presented to the group to allow either a new project structure or, if a better solution is present, something else.


Week 5:

This week, the meeting was a lot more concise than last week. Not only did the workflow appear a lot better, the time was cut by
roughly 30% and team tensions were discussed. During the team review, some sensitive topics were brought up, allowing everyone to
reflect on the team dynamic until this point. This meeting thus allowed the team members speak more freely than the one last week,
allowing the team to get back on track with relevant topics regarding the project.

Discussion were held with the stakeholder regarding how the project could be improved, which proved very successful in how the
focus shifted from what the team members regarded as important with new relevant input. Furthermore, KPI's were discussed during the meeting
and then presented as to what we could improve during the last period of the sprint process. We put a larger focus on how we could present
relevant information for our stakeholder instead of just presenting what we have accomplished verbally.

Furthermore, as of week 4 we discovered during the sprint review that an easier solution to routing would be popups containing the information.
This would be accomplished through html, css and javascript, allowing a different path than changing the entire project structure.

During week 5, my group worked on changing the frontend to look more presentable for the stakeholder. I was able to teach some tricks
regarding, htm, css and bootstrap to a team member without previous experience in the area.


Week 6:

For this last week, my focus was put into further developing the team work structure. The meetings have worked very well since the implementation
of a strict agenda, and allowing team members to add points they find relevant to the agenda at the start of every meeting further allowed the development
of tasks and transparency throughout the work. After a discussion regarding how the user stories were split according INVEST-criteria, the team concluded
that developer stories should be even smaller. Furthermore, it was discussed how to involve the stakeholder on a regular basis, which was placed right
before every meeting held by the group. The direct feedback would allow the PO to affect the decisions made by the group regarding the user stories placed
for the upcoming sprint.

It feels like the group has developed a lot in how it works. Both in the way of consistency, but also knowing the strengths of one-another and
finding comfort in the structure that has been established throughout all sprints.

Most of my personal task this week consisted of editing frontend bits according to feedback given by the stakeholder.
Changing this, however, changed the layout of the whole page. As of such, it required a bit of work to accomplish.


Week 7:

The last week of the project was spent doing smaller touch-ups of the project. We had a final meeting with our stakeholder to
see if she was content, which would allow us to do smaller touch-ups on the front end of the project if necessary. We made a few
smaller changes, but all in all we got positive response.

We spoke of how we have improved our working dynamic throughout the sprints during this week, which we decided to keep to the final
report rather than speaking of it during the live demo of the project.

All in all, I believe the team feels content with how the project turned out, as we had many steps back and forth with how we should
develop the project and how we could take what we've learnt during this course to future projects.